"I’ve never refused to work for the company. But with respect, sir, let’s not forget—this isn’t just your company. I’m also a co-founder of Primex 360 Ltd. and naturally that will remains true till tomorrow.

Regarding refusing to work: I’ve never refused to work. I’ve only refused to be humiliated by going through an unnecessary interview. I hope you know that the current Authentify app was my idea? all that you where telling me yesterday about the app I was just looking at you becouse you where speaking my own word to me but you see sir you don't know this thing, you have alway tried to undemine and underestimate me which was taking a huge toll on my productivity. 

The base structure and business model that authentify app is built on was soly my idea and vision all for us to have an edge in the market and same time cut cost for betchoef in the nearest feature, I know how to beat my competitors, I know where the real money is and how elwe can penetrate and catch big boys off gourd —I belive God has given me a gift, and am just refusing to let it be deemed and limited.

I’ve long known that a salary alone won’t give me the life I want or the kind of money I will make. That’s why I haven’t chased one for the past 10 years I’ve been in this space. But that path has also given me experience across many angles, areas, and aspects of tech. I know how things should be done, what needs to be done, and most importantly, how to have an edge and make the real money not just change sir. I’m always thinking of how to outsmart and outbeat our competitors—by at least 85% 100%. You may not see this yet, but at  the moment am the only one right now who can run and take Primex 360 ltd to the hights I we all want it to attain. I’m a creator and an innovator—my ideas speak for themselves.

Nevertheless, I’m ready to resume at Primex. But for it to work, major changes and mindset shifts are needed. The problem needs to be fixed from the root cause—only then can we start making real money.

I’m always open to discussing this further. Have a good day, sir."